README.md, before:

# JUR MVP

JUR MVP will be available at https://jur.io/mvp/

[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)


This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).


## Dependencies

### Global (host) dependencies
- **Truffle** as EVM framework _([more info here](https://truffleframework.com/docs/truffle/getting-started/installation))_;
- **Ganache CLI** for ETH test network _([more info here](https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache-cli))_;
- **Dot Env** for environment configuration _([more info here](https://github.com/motdotla/dotenv#readme))_;
- **react-blockies** for users ident icons _(based on ETH Blockies [more info here](https://github.com/ethereum/blockies))_

### Developmnent
- **prettier** for coding style format _([more info here](https://prettier.io))_;

### Editor
Your code editor should be compatible with [.editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org) or [Prettier](https://prettier.io).
_Please note: this project supports both._

## Branches
This project repo is organized in 3 branches:
- **master** : is a mirror of _production_ environment;
- **beta** : is a mirror of _stage_ environment;
- **develop** : for development purposes;

### Git Workflow
Using this repository you should follow this workflow: [Atlassian Git-flow](https://it.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow), by using _**features**_, _**hotfix**_ and _**releases**_ throuth previous mentioned branches.

## Environment setup
This project uses a `.env` file in order to please [follow the instructions here](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/adding-custom-environment-variables) and create this file based on your needs.

> **NOTE** : only constants definition prefixed by `REACT_APP_` will be available in React App.

_**You can find the environment configuration template [here](.env.template).**_

## Running Test Network
To run a test ethereum network, in a separate terminal execute:
`ganache-cli --gasLimit 7000000`


## Available Scripts

> **NOTE** : see the [_Environment setup_](#environment-setup) section for further details before first run of the following scripts.

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify

# Contributing Guide

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Change Log

See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)

Commit message:

update README.md with architecture infos

README.md, after:

# JUR MVP

JUR MVP will be available at https://jur.io/mvp/

[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)


This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).


## Dependencies

### Global (host) dependencies
- **Truffle** as EVM framework _([more info here](https://truffleframework.com/docs/truffle/getting-started/installation))_;
- **Ganache CLI** for ETH test network _([more info here](https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache-cli))_;
- **Dot Env** for environment configuration _([more info here](https://github.com/motdotla/dotenv#readme))_;
- **react-blockies** for users ident icons _(based on ETH Blockies [more info here](https://github.com/ethereum/blockies))_

### Developmnent
- **prettier** for coding style format _([more info here](https://prettier.io))_;

### Editor
Your code editor should be compatible with [.editorconfig](https://editorconfig.org) or [Prettier](https://prettier.io).
_Please note: this project supports both._

## Branches
This project repo is organized in 3 branches:
- **master** : is a mirror of _production_ environment;
- **beta** : is a mirror of _stage_ environment;
- **develop** : for development purposes;

### Git Workflow
Using this repository you should follow this workflow: [Atlassian Git-flow](https://it.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow), by using _**features**_, _**hotfix**_ and _**releases**_ throuth previous mentioned branches.

## Architecture
This project is structured as following:

- **Frontend** build with [React.js](https://reactjs.org) + [Drizzle](https://truffleframework.com/drizzle)
- **REST API** built with [Laravel Lumen](https://lumen.laravel.com)

## Environment setup
This project uses a `.env` file in order to please [follow the instructions here](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/adding-custom-environment-variables) and create this file based on your needs.

> **NOTE** : only constants definition prefixed by `REACT_APP_` will be available in React App.

_**You can find the environment configuration template [here](.env.template).**_

## Running Test Network
To run a test ethereum network, in a separate terminal execute:
`ganache-cli --gasLimit 7000000`


## Available Scripts

> **NOTE** : see the [_Environment setup_](#environment-setup) section for further details before first run of the following scripts.

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify

# Contributing Guide

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Change Log

See [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)
